c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\StringManipulation.dll.config
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\StringManipulation.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\StringManipulation.pdb
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\AON_coding_test.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\AON_coding_test.pdb
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\obj\Debug\StringManipulation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\obj\Debug\StringManipulation.dll
c:\users\me\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AON_coding_test\StringManipulation\obj\Debug\StringManipulation.pdb
